so well since we arrived here
still not on the tour then move on to
To the cause, so tackle, I think that nothing
there is not much new here but
for some reason I did not see that and used
Oh, I think it's worth it and so the rod
the longer the better the main line
sliding load bead stop
and then swivel leash hook what is it
everything gives it our bottom gear
absolutely legal again for a period
spawning ban means intended
for catching mostly big fish why
load moving why sliding olive
I think everything is clear because it means
bite you see
and your opponent in this case is not a fish
feels like fishing line freely
passes through the ring means here
worth stopping bead too clear
for what for moving load
rolling did not turn into deaf not
stuck on the main node swivel
as likely as fastening means
as for the marani leash and in similar
I tried to put the gear well in what
thinner fishing line is better and therefore
I had to rely only on
confusion let's say fish a bit klimov
my bream all this calmly tore now I
I put 10 number braids and I must say
This is the quality of the fishing line
just very good fish and practically
does not feel the hook I think
universal fifth number even
relatively small fish catch
major uses it straight as a swallow and
means
main fishing line due to the fact that here
us soft thin wire
may be thick enough here at
me 02 is worth and nod why nod they
float well today I was very lucky
or rather lucky well in short to us
lucky with the wind because it is not and you
out of luck because you can't
see that nod absolutely into the wind not
reacts mean float you would
danced burrowed in the water hung out
surface nod stands calmly and
drag his job just a bite and he
goes to look for regularly performs what else
I must say the advantages of this tackle vodka
loops you can die out available to you
with the help of the rod the reservoir is to determine
ramp dimple and so on the same
you can make a float well, it's in four
longer sam casimir time
yes rather no no it is not victorious
point in the story of clarity it is rather
shy